swastee car rental system 

Adamya's Ideas: 
1. Productivity Management System
    Contains a authentication system, Note Taking Application, Timer for study/work time tracking,
    A todo list interface, a monthly goals interface and a daily challenges field. 

    Authentication System:
        Users have to be authenticated and they should be linked such that a user can see their and only their
        information(notes, challenges, monthly goals, so on). The password should be hashed so that even if the 
        database is compromised, user's personal information won't be out in the open. 

    Note Taking Application: 
        Self explanatory for the most part. The user should be able to take notes within the applciation
        and be able to save the notes to DATABASE as well as their PERSONAL COMPUTER. This is to ensure
        multi level backup.

    Timer: 
        Self explanatory. Keep a timer that takes an integer input from the user and runs for the same
        number of minutes.

    To-Do list: 
        Challenges to be set everyday by the users. These reset at the end of the day.

    Daily Challenges; 
        These don't reset at all. They appear on the todo list everyday automatically. 

    Monthly Challenges
        Same as todo list but these are more long term goals. They reset after 30 days of adding. 

    Difference between todo list and daily challenges: 
        The daily challenges are recurring but the todo list isn't. Meaning, 
        the user will have to add new todo list content everyday but not daily challenges.
        They are added automatically everyday. 
        
    'pustakalaya' Library managemnet system


    "ELECTRICITY BILLING SYSTEM" : SWASTEE
    "ONLINE RESUME BUILDER" : SWASTEE

samman's Ideas:
1 a freelancing website like fiver??? it may sound vast but it is quite simple i think we wont have to do much for the site what 
we can indeed include in this app is:
 *a way for users to login ofcourse 
 *so there will be a homepage for the user to scroll thru the various freelancers in said site and purchase the help for their 
 from the people who are willing to offer the help for a reasonable price ofcourse
 * another page for them to like offer their expertise and add an price to it so that they can not only get help from others but also
 offer it for a reasonable price ofcourse
 *maybe we should add an option where users can ask their genre for help?? like if i need help regarding IT stuff then i filter out other
 stuff except for the it ones and chose from there but doing this we will have to make it so that we add this 'genre' thing in the 
 section where the users can offer their own help and well it might sound like an perfect ideal but it would be hell to code this idea up
 * the problem with this idea is that it is quite complicated and well it is vast now that i thoink about it i must go back on my words 
 here:) 
 Rahul's Ideas:
 Attendence mangement system
 